Add BoxCox for 1 + x (#223)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/special/boxcox1p/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( x, lambda )

>     Computes the Box-Cox transformation of 1+x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Computes a one-parameter Box-Cox transformation of 1+x.
```
